.TH LOWHUNT 1 "May 2026" "LowHunt v1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
lowhunt \- fast public OSINT for authorized username and domain analysis
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lowhunt
[OPTIONS] <username> [username2 ...]
.br
.B lowhunt
\-d DOMAIN [OPTIONS]
.br
.B lowhunt
<username> \-d DOMAIN [OPTIONS]
.br
.B lowhunt
\-\-about
.br
.B lowhunt
\-\-explain TOPIC
.br
.B man
lowhunt
.SH DESCRIPTION
LowHunt is a native C reconnaissance tool for public-data-only OSINT on
authorized targets. It checks username footprints across platform manifests,
harvests passive hostnames for domains, supports combined investigation runs,
and summarizes findings with multiple execution engines and investigator-friendly
terminal output.
.PP
LowHunt does not bypass authentication or protections. Use it only on targets
you own or have explicit written permission to assess.
.SH OVERVIEW
LowHunt is built to reduce investigation sprawl. Instead of forcing operators
to switch between one tool for usernames, another for passive domain collection,
and a separate reporting workflow, it provides a single structured CLI for:
.IP
\[bu] username footprint scanning
.br
\[bu] passive hostname intelligence
.br
\[bu] same-domain public contact email collection
.br
\[bu] cross-signal correlation
.br
\[bu] direct outputs and stored report bundles
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-u, \-\-username NAME
Add a username target.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-domain DOMAIN
Run passive domain hostname harvesting.
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-source SOURCE
Select harvest source. Current values: crtsh, rapiddns, wayback, all.
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-limit N
Limit harvested hostnames.
.TP
.B \-\-preset NAME
Apply operator defaults: beginner, balanced, or aggressive.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-fast
Trim the loaded platform set to the fast subset.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-site NAME
Limit username scanning to one platform.
.TP
.B \-\-engine NAME
Choose execution engine: auto, threadpool, fusion, async, parallel, stabilizer, sync.
.TP
.B \-T, \-\-threads N
Set the requested concurrency budget. Above 50 threads, LowHunt checks local resources and warns before continuing on constrained systems.
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-timeout MS
Set the per-request timeout in milliseconds.
.TP
.B \-\-tor
Route requests through socks5://127.0.0.1:9050.
.TP
.B \-\-proxy URL
Use a custom proxy URL.
.TP
.B \-\-intel
Print the intelligence summary after the scan.
.TP
.B \-v
Enable verbose status output.
.TP
.B \-vv
Enable full verbose structured output, including not-found, unknown, and error rows.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-output FILE
Write results to a file.
.TP
.B \-\-format FMT
Select output format: txt, json, csv.
.TP
.B \-\-nsfw
Include NSFW platforms.
.TP
.B \-\-list-sites
Print the loaded platform catalog.
.TP
.B \-\-list-sources
Print the wired passive harvest sources.
.TP
.B \-\-about
Print the banner and project metadata.
.TP
.B \-\-explain TOPIC
Explain a command or concept such as engine, fusion, harvest, or -vv.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Print the current version.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show the help menu.
.SH PRESETS
.TP
.B beginner
Readable output, steadier defaults, and investigator summary enabled.
.TP
.B balanced
Default operating posture.
.TP
.B aggressive
Higher concurrency floor, fuller terminal visibility, and fast-engine bias.
.SH ENGINES
.TP
.B auto
Chooses an engine from workload size and network posture.
.TP
.B threadpool
Balanced worker model for general use.
.TP
.B parallel
Simple parallel execution for moderate workloads.
.TP
.B async
Cooperative concurrency for larger I/O-heavy runs.
.TP
.B fusion
High-throughput engine for larger fast runs.
.TP
.B stabilizer
Lower-pressure pacing for Tor, proxies, and fragile environments.
.TP
.B sync
Sequential execution for tiny runs and troubleshooting.
.SH PASSIVE HARVEST
Harvest mode is restricted to public passive collection and public page review.
The currently wired passive sources are:
.IP
\[bu] crtsh
.br
\[bu] rapiddns
.br
\[bu] wayback
.br
\[bu] all
.PP
When
.B all
is selected, LowHunt fuses overlapping host findings and raises confidence when
multiple public sources support the same host.
.PP
Contact collection focuses on public contact-oriented pages and filters noisy
email candidates such as noreply-style addresses, malformed strings, asset-like
values, and off-domain results.
.SH COMBINED INVESTIGATIONS
When usernames and a domain are supplied in the same run, LowHunt performs a
combined investigation workflow:
.IP
1. passive host intelligence is collected
.br
2. public contact emails are harvested and filtered
.br
3. username scans are executed
.br
4. correlation compares usernames against harvested identifiers
.br
5. an investigation confidence score and narrative are produced
.br
6. report bundles are stored
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B lowhunt alice \-\-engine fusion \-vv
Fast structured scan of one username with high concurrency.
.TP
.B lowhunt \-u alice \-u bob \-\-threads 120 \-\-intel
Multi-target scan with explicit concurrency and post-run summary.
.TP
.B lowhunt \-d example.com \-b all \-o hosts.json \-\-format json
Harvest fused passive host intelligence and save it as JSON.
.TP
.B lowhunt alice bob \-d example.com \-b all \-\-intel
Run a combined investigation with profile scanning, passive harvest, and correlation.
.TP
.B lowhunt alice \-\-preset beginner
Run a readable beginner-friendly username investigation.
.TP
.B lowhunt \-\-about
Show the project overview and repository details.
.TP
.B lowhunt \-\-explain engine
Explain engine selection and what each execution mode is good at.
.SH INSTALLATION
Managed local installers are provided under:
.IP
install/linux.sh
.br
install/macos.sh
.br
install/termux.sh
.br
install/windows.ps1
.br
install/windows.cmd
.PP
The installers place the application in a user-local directory, write a managed install manifest, create launchers, and add man page access for shell environments that support it.
.SH REPORTS
Each scan or harvest stores an offline report bundle under:
.IP
~/.lowhunt/output/reports/<target>/<timestamp>/
.PP
Bundles include CLI, TXT, and JSON artifacts. Combined investigations also
write a fused investigation summary with correlation confidence and narrative text.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B platforms/*.json
Username platform manifests.
.TP
.B ~/.lowhunt/output/reports/
Stored report bundles.
.TP
.B install/
Managed local installer scripts.
.TP
.B docs/
Project documentation.
.SH OUTPUTS
Direct outputs support:
.IP
\[bu] txt
.br
\[bu] json
.br
\[bu] csv
.PP
Stored bundles are useful for later review, handoff, and case documentation.
.SH SAFETY
LowHunt is intentionally scoped for public-data-only OSINT. It is not a tool
for bypassing authentication, defeating access controls, or performing
unauthorized active intrusion.
.PP
Operators remain responsible for legal scope, authorization, and interpretation
of findings.
.SH AUTHOR
voltsparx
.SH CONTACT
voltsparx@gmail.com
.SH REPOSITORY
https://github.com/voltsparx/LowHunt
.SH LICENSE
MIT
.SH BUGS
Public-data findings may be incomplete, stale, shared, or misleading. Treat
results as investigative signals that require analyst judgment.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR crt.sh (1)
